Whats'new : Added new datasource permission api changes (#78571)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/upgrade-guide/upgrade-v10.2/index.md

{{< docs/shared lookup="upgrade/upgrade-common-tasks.md" source="grafana" version="<GRAFANA VERSION>" >}}

## Technical notes

> - From Grafana v10.2 onwards, `/api/datasources/:id/` is removed and replaced with `/api/access-control/datasources/:uid`, to know more about the new API endpoints regarding datasource permission API please visit [here](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/v10.2/developers/http_api/datasource_permissions/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- From Grafana v10.2 onwards, `/api/datasources/:id/` is removed and replaced with `/api/access-control/datasources/:uid`. For more information about the new API endpoints for the data source permission API, refer to the [documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/developers/http_api/datasource_permissions/).
```
